1. We want to store the information of different vehicles. Create a class named
Vehicle with two data members named mileage and price. Create its two
subclasses*Car with data members to store ownership cost, warranty (by years),
seating capacity and fuel type (diesel or petrol).*Bike with data members to store
the number of cylinders, number of gears, cooling type(air, liquid or oil), wheel
type(alloys or spokes) and fuel tank size(in inches)Make another two subclasses
Audi and Ford of Car, each having a data member to store the model type. Next,
make two subclasses Bajaj and TVS, each having a data member to store the
make-type. Now, store and print the information of an Audi and a Ford car (i.e.
model type, ownership cost, warranty, seating capacity, fuel type, mileage and
price.) Do the same for a Bajaj and a TVS bike.
2. C++ program to find area of square,rectangle,circle and triangle using virtual
function.
3. Write a program which consists of two classes: student and academic. The class
academic is derived from class students. The Two member function getdata and
display are defined for both the classes. *obj is defined for class students, the
address of which is stored in the object of the class academic. The functions
getdata ( )and display ( ) of student class are invoked by the pointer to the
class.Display the contents of both classes.
4. Write a program to explain the overloading of parenthesis operator () using
parenthesis operator function having two parameters and no parameter:
5. Write a class template to represent a generic vector. Include member functions to
perform the following task
a. To create the vector
b. To modify the value of a given element
c. To multiply by a scalar value
d. To display the vector in the form (m1, m2, m3 etc) where m1, m2 and m3
represents magnitude

6. WAP to demonstrate the concept of re-throwing an exception.
7. Write a function template to perform binary search in an array.
8. Define a class called String and WAP by overloading == operator to compare two
strings.